Theme Tune: [Music]
Al: Hello farmers and welcome to the first episode of the harvest season of 2026. My name is Al
Kevin: My name is Kevin
Al: And we are here today to talk about cottagecore games
Kevin: It's the Woo
Kevin: We did it
Al: Happy New Year Kevin
Kevin: Happy
Kevin: Happy new year. I'll happy
Kevin: Yeah, what is it three days in and already things happening on the news and
Al: Yeah, super, super fun news day. We'll not talk about that because I don't think this I mean, I don't think that personally. I don't think it's a good plan to invade other countries and steal their, their leaders, even if they are terrible people. I just don't think that's a great thing in general. Just putting that out there.
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: yeah yeah it's it's two two rights don't make wrongs wrongs don't make right
Kevin: so everything is too what if it's a it's a it's the feel-bad story of the year
Al: Wow, let's hope let's hope it's the worst thing that happens this year
Kevin: uh you know I was prepared to come in making jokes about both
Al: Anyway, we're we're not here
Kevin: in results of the the game of the year but I looked at the news
Kevin: Stanley nah no you know I'm good actually yeah
Al: But we're not a politics or a news podcast, so we're not going to talk about that.
Al: We are going to talk about what games, what farming and cottagecore games we are most looking forward to this year.
Al: And from once, it won't be snackle.
Kevin: ha yeah oh my goodness oh I'm I'm getting I'll be honest I haven't
Al: For the first time since the podcast started, it won't be snackle.
Kevin: finished I haven't listened to the episode but I peaked the results in them
Kevin: I'm all riled up I I had I look especially coming in I had to know
Al: Look to the results Kevin. Kevin.
Al: Oh man. Well, look, I feel you'll understand when you listen to the discussion and how we get to that point, you'll understand why we went.
Kevin: it's fine it's fine
Kevin: "I'm--look, here's the thing, it's not a--okay, this is the only comment I want to say, like,
Al: Spoilers for the game of the year episode
Kevin: it's nothing wrong with snack or nothing--okay, you're spoilers if you haven't listened--there's
Kevin: nothing wrong with snack, oh, it's a fine game. In fact, in other years, it probably would win,
Kevin: like I don't have any issue with it. Well, you know, it would win. In my book, it would win, let's
Al: What it did win, but okay
Kevin: - Let's see that.
Kevin: - I just think it's not going to be a great farming game,
Kevin: and I think there will be other great farming games.
Kevin: Wander stop.
Kevin: We're only getting one of those every,
Kevin: I don't know when we're getting the next one.
Al: Good. I'm glad. I'm glad we're gonna get another one.
Kevin: That's my big, that's my big put, look.
Kevin: Oh my goodness, okay, we're moving on.
Kevin: [laughing]
Al: Look, I am glad that you liked it so much. That is old.
Kevin: Okay, all right, moving on.
Kevin: Well, what have you been up to?
Al: So, yo, whoa, whoa, whoa, no way. I haven't said we're gonna have some news.
Kevin: I'm putting on you. What's going on?
Al: But first of all, yeah, some game news, some name, game,
Kevin: What?
Kevin: The non-bombing kind?
Al: news. But first of all, I'm still letting you say it.
Kevin: Yeah, stuff happens still, apparently.
Kevin: Wait, what are you being up to?
Kevin: What are you being up to?
Al: Yeah, there we go. Okay, cool. I haven't been up to huge amounts gaming-wise, because holidays
Kevin: Okay, all right, what have you been up to now? I'm putting it on you.
Kevin: What's going on?
Al: are always complicated with kids. But I have been pouring my way through the Pokémon
Al: Legends the AADOC. I finished the main story.
Kevin: You made all the donuts now we can feed them to the ampa, yay.
Al: Ah. So, here's a couple of things, but they don't ask. First up, I don't, I still don't like
Al: the timers, right? I don't like the timers at all for two reasons. One, I don't like the stress.
Al: And two, when I'm in a place where I've like used done everything and I've used up,
Al: I've done all the things I need to do in that area, and there's nothing left for me to do,
Al: like there's not a Pokémon that I want to show you on. There's no task to get, there's no items to get.
Al: And I'm sitting there with a few minutes left on my timer. That's wasted time I could be doing
Al: something, but there's nothing I can be doing, and it's really annoying. So, it's like you have to
Al: constantly be judging, which is the right donut to do. And it's very frustrating. And if you make
Al: a mistake, it all too saves when you use a donut. So, you can't then just reset it.
Al: Yes, listeners, I know a bit of the backup save. I'm not doing that. It's too much effort.
Al: And I, I just find that is just as frustrating as running out of time, right? Because it's like
Al: wasted time that doesn't feel good? I also... I don't
Kevin: You're... or...
Al: like how the recipes are not consistent, like they wear for carties and sandwiches. Like if you
Al: use the same berries you get different effects out of it, right? So you can't consistently get
Al: sparkling power for a specific type. You just have to keep doing it and eventually you'll get what
Al: you want. And again, it saves when you create a donut. So you can't even like save scum that. Yes again,
Al: I know about the--
Al: backup save too much effort for making a dora.
Kevin: Yeah, that's okay
Al: It's just weird decisions. It's like the Pokemon game free continually like to be sure that they don't like us resetting things.
Al: And I just-- I don't get why they would restrict it in that way.
Al: It just seems like such an annoying thing.
Al: Like, I mean, it all comes down from the fact that they didn't allow you not to have auto saves.
Al: It doesn't solve the problem that they want because they still have the backup saves.
Al: And they need the backup saves. They can't get rid of the backup saves.
Kevin: Yeah
Al: It just means that it's more effort to do it.
Kevin: It's well, I think on the one hand if your game is in such a way that
Kevin: Players are encouraged to reset like I mean, I don't know personally. I as if I were a game dev
Kevin: I wouldn't want that
Kevin: That feels like a flaw, but
Al: - Yes, but there's wanting it and going out of your way
Al: to make it difficult.
Kevin: Yeah, that's true
Kevin: Yeah, but yeah, they're not solving it
Al: Also, I wouldn't want to reset.
Al: I wouldn't want to reset the donuts
Al: if they were consistent.
Al: Like the other previous things we've done, right?
Kevin: Yeah, that's
Al: Like I really liked, I really liked how curries and sandwiches.
Al: Well, curries didn't have any effects, right?
Al: But they at least they've made the same thing
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Al: when you use the same ingredients.
Al: And sandwiches, if you use the same ingredients,
Al: you've got the same effects.
Al: Like, I don't like this, like, "Oh, make a--"
Al: You know, use up all your donuts on this thing that might make sparkling power three, or it might make humongle power one. Okay, why?
Kevin: ha ha ha ha ha ha ha oh yeah it is baffling isn't it and not just this like so many
Kevin: things a Pokemon does like their refusal to learn from themselves I don't know I don't know um
Al: However, other than that, I have been enjoying the DLC.
Al: It's not a particularly interesting story, it's kind of predictable, but what I've said
Kevin: Yeah
Al: a couple of times to people is, I think this is the funniest Pokémon has ever been.
Kevin: Yeah, that's about to say although I hear that rain is pretty good though
Kevin: At least on the side stuff the side change
Al: Like I'm regularly laughing out loud during dialogue in this game, even more than the
Kevin: That's pretty good. Um, that's pretty hype. Um, yeah. I wish they did a little more with this
Kevin: whole hyper space reality stuff. What? Yeah. I guess I'll take that. I also wish, well, I know,
Al: - Yeah.
Kevin: I'm, I'm getting into it, but okay, try to judge what's there. It's fine. I guess it would be a good
Kevin: opportunity for other characters to show up. I'm just saying.
Al: Yeah. Yeah, they could definitely have done more with it. Um, and I guess it does it does just feel like
Al: another example of, um, the continuation of, okay, we've done enough to sell this game. Let's
Al: move on to the next sort of thing and, okay, sure. I mean, I, this is the thing like I, I still,
Kevin: door, door.
Al: I'm enjoying it and I am still not regretting my purchase. I, I will continue to
Al: buy the games because I continue to enjoy the games. Um, and, you know, you presumably
Kevin: or not yet now, but uh, it's on my list. I would do wish to play the game.
Al: still haven't bought the game. Eventually. So yeah, I, it's, yeah, I don't know. Blah. I'm enjoying it. I like it. There you go. But as always, there are
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Uh, black.
Kevin: Oh, you're not here. Here's a question. Would you give up this game to get
Kevin: Hope the mon's Z back in 20.
Kevin: Yeah, I guess, but what it was also X, Y, and those are some dang good games!
Al: No, I don't think so
Al: Because I I I mean Pokemon Z would have just been the same, but maybe with one extra story with Zygarde and actually like what we call this was more than that
Al: Much more
Al: There were yeah, but that this Z would have just been the same. I don't want just X and Y again
Kevin: Yeah, I know.
Al: Right like I won something different
Kevin: Bye, guys. Fine. I can't believe Sandy and Dexia didn't show up. This was their moment to show up.
Al: You
Al: There are many people that you question why they didn't turn up
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah, I've played once a big one too, right? Let's do. Don't worry about it. Let's do it.
Al: It's all right. We're in 2026. The Pokémon's 30th anniversary. I'm sure we'll have lots to talk about later in the year.
Kevin: Well, yeah, okay. So I have started this county. Um, the, the game that's, that's
Al: So that's what I've been up to. What have you been up to, Kevin?
Kevin: cottagecore. So guess what? I may speak about that at length in, in the future on this
Al: [laughs]
Kevin: very platform, spoiler. Um, all right. Now I'll, I'll give it a thumbs up so far right now.
Kevin: It's doing what I want.
Kevin: - Wow.
Kevin: There's one glaring spot, like not good.
Kevin: Okay, and it is the soft management,
Kevin: like gameplay thing, specifically on controller.
Kevin: So what it is, the customer brings a number of items
Kevin: to the register and you have to tally up their total, right?
Kevin: It's not terribly hard, it's fine, it works for the link,
Kevin: but on controller.
Kevin: You have to give you like a little number pad or you have to type in what if you're on controller you have to like move the control stick around in a
Kevin: It's not even like moving the cursor around. It's like the center of the control stick like you know, neutral position is
Kevin: Eight or whatever and then you move to the diagonals to get the different number buttons
Al: Okay. Yeah, yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, and and they have to hold like what's an LT to put a zero and
Kevin: And it's not great, it's not a great solution.
Al: It's like doing a rotary dial on a phone
Kevin: Um, to the... Yeah, basically.
Kevin: Um, and, and so when...
Al: For our younger for our younger listeners rotary dials were old phones that had a circular thing
Kevin: Oh my gosh.
Al: Where you went from the start to go to the number and then let it run back and go ask your appearance or grandparents about it
Al: I don't know if we actually have any young listeners. We're probably all our age
Kevin: Yeah. Oh, my.
Kevin: Oh, hopefully.
Kevin: Dale and go ask your repair.
Kevin: Anyways, uh, but so it's not a great field to the to the gameplay
Kevin: mechanic, the primary thing of checking people out.
Kevin: Um, while other than I'm enjoying it, um,
Kevin: Yeah, like I said, once I dive deeper into it, well, well.
Kevin: Who thoughts on it more, but overall not disappointing so far. So yeah, that's this county. Let's see what else. Oh boy, you night. Oh, man. I haven't talked about you night in a minute. Um. Oh wow. Oh
Al: Oh yes, well, we got recently. I've not really been paying attention to Pokemon you know in about the last nine months. I've barely heard anything about it
Al: Coincidental date maybe
Kevin: Okay, so they did a big update in
Kevin: December I believe it was and they it is the how should I put it so you know it has constantly been on an arms race to take more of your money
Kevin: um they each yep yeah absolutely right it's a big gacha thing in general but very guilty as they
Al: Yep, like all of the Pokémon games, yeah.
Al: Yeah.
Al: My money is sunk into Go and TCG Pocket, so I definitely can't do another one.
Kevin: injured there you go
Kevin: fair enough um so it's been you know it's been clear like yeah here's a 30 more passes for
Kevin: special costumes and whatever yada yada yada um and while annoying it's been at least for me it was
Kevin: tolerable um because there's a lot of pop-ups but you can ignore it now they have they broken the
Kevin: the glott the emergency the emergency glass breaking case of we want more money they have changed the
Kevin: acquisition system for new pokemon um so before you play the game uh you get there's you know various currencies but
Kevin: you play enough you get currency enough to buy a pokemon fairly straightforward simple and consider the nature of the
Kevin: game it's what works you want to play is Geratosia save up enough you buy Geratos and then you play it right
Kevin: um they have changed it to where you can no longer select the pokemon you want to buy
Kevin: Umm...
Al: What? I'm sorry, I'm sorry, did they make you night more capture? I'm sick. I... I... Oh... Oh... Oh...
Kevin: You can do that if you have the premium currency where you pay with real...
Kevin: Oh yeah!
Kevin: Because here's the thing.
Kevin: Okay, so if you pay money, real money dollars, or the premium currency, you can still buy the book money one.
Kevin: Of course, they left that on touch, right?
Kevin: Otherwise, they have...
Kevin: I forget what they call it, but basically there's a...
Kevin: There's a bar right and
Kevin: when you play enough you fill up the bar and when you fill up the bar you can buy a certain license from a select group of Pokemon that they tell you you can buy from like you filled up the bar okay congrats you can now buy three or one of these three Pokemon and if you have them all I forget what you get you you fill up the next bar faster I don't remember exactly what but the point is I cannot just.
Al: or it doesn't even show you a list of three that you don't already have.
Al: It doesn't even just show you a list of three that you don't already have.
Kevin: No, no it's like.
Al: So the three could have be two that you already have and one you don't.
Kevin: Yes, yes, yep and it's like a ladder sort of thing when you fill up the next pass okay hey here the next level on your pass you can these are the ones you can get in the next round and so on and so forth right.
Kevin: So I'll just use a concrete example but pour on but pour on release last month it's like the one defender I don't have in an idea you.
Kevin: You know two months ago I would have just saved up my money and bought up a bore on now I have to wait until the bar says I can buy the poor.
Kevin: Oh, it is baffling baffling to me because this whole game is predicated on playing the Pokemon you want to play.
Al: That's amazing
Kevin: So the fact that they've limited this it's oh this this is it it's it feels like then and.
Al: I feel like I feel like I would I think it would be less stupid if that was how it always was
Kevin: There's times for you night.
Al: and it was just like the more you play eventually you'll get to unlock the better characters, right?
Al: Like that doesn't feel like the worst thing in the world. It doesn't feel amazing, but it doesn't feel like the worst thing
Al: But doing it was that like three years into its lifetime
Al: And that's...
Al: It's our decision.
Al: Um, yeah, what?
Al: Oh, goodness.
Al: Like, you could have bought like a whole bunch of them, and now you either have...
Al: And the one you don't have is in the top level.
Al: So because you have bought a whole bunch of them, you're now disadvantaged.
Al: And that you don't get to unlock anything new unless you pay for it until, until you get
Kevin: Or yeah, yeah, it's it's not great. Now I'd to be fair. I have not played it at length of this this the license journey update. So I may have some aspects wrong. There might be something I misunderstanding. But in general, like there's like I said, I wanted to buy Vaporean. I couldn't to the shop and I couldn't buy Vaporean.
Al: to the very top.
Al: He's dreadful.
Kevin: Um, but, uh, yeah.
Kevin: It's not great. Um, yeah. Yeah, I don't, uh, it's not bueno. No bueno.
Kevin: So that's, that's great. Not great. And, and is, is genuinely soured my unite experience.
Kevin: I've been playing that much just because I've been busy, but, uh, again, and like I said,
Kevin: three years, I've been playing this game for three, four years, however long. And I've, I've enjoyed it.
Kevin: I very much enjoyed it. And now they did this. So, oh, well, I'll, I'm going to really
Kevin: feel, you know, in the release hallute show or the new megapalinks or whatever. And then I
Kevin: can't get it. Um, but we'll see. I don't know.
Al: because you know you know the new ones are gonna obviously be you know higher up
Al: they're gonna be like the top ones because otherwise like that's so
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, of course yeah, you know what isn't stupid ball guy. So I might say, but that's why we love him
Kevin: Because all guy they added a new
Kevin: Cygnus you ball guy to Pokemon masters
Al: Obviously, why wouldn't they?
Kevin: From the fenging gears here, but have you seen the new ball guy outfit out?
Al: I have no, no. I saw someone mention it on Discord, but I haven't looked at it.
Kevin: Oh my gosh
Kevin: It's it's it's in here. I'm gonna show you the picture
Kevin: It's incredible. It's it's a new year
Kevin: New Year event because
Kevin: I want to call
Kevin: Masters always does holiday events or whatever and
Kevin: So we get ball guy, but it looks like a sui and Pokeball and he comes with a sui and electrode and
Al: Oh my. Okay.
Kevin: And he has a...
Kevin: kind of a kimono sort of looked to it, not not kimono, I forget what they're called, but that's sort of like traditional Japanese coat sort of thing.
Kevin: He looks great, it's fantastic. I love Bog, I so much, it's stupid.
Kevin: And they added him to the... what they call the lodge, which is the kissing booth, as people call it, where you just get to hang out with the trainers and do one-on-one conversations and whatnot.
Kevin: So yeah, good times in man
Kevin: They didn't shoot themselves in the foot. I mean they did before but they fixed it already
Al: Yeah, fantastic.
Kevin: Yeah, so that's it's incredible. Great great stuff
Kevin: I think there was a new one or two, but like what's fine. Whatever. Okay. It's all bald guy. I care about
Al: [laughing]
Kevin: Yeah, good times. I wonder I'm genuinely wonder how they're gonna if they're gonna touch
Kevin: ZA characters at all.
Kevin: They have Emma like they have but they have XY Emma. How are you gonna add the new Emma?
Al: Oh, surely at some point.
Al: Well, do I mean, that's not unusual that they have multiple versions of a character?
Kevin: I guess so
Kevin: Yeah, but that's like future version, you know, that's I don't know whatever. We'll see
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: well
Kevin: Will we get terrorists?
Al: I think there's nothing wrong with that.
Kevin: Maple wife professor? I don't know maybe
Kevin: Maybe I mean you can already hang out with Giovanni in the lodge, so they're not inverse to hanging out the terrace
Al: Exactly. Also, she's reformed. Come on.
Kevin: Yeah, she is. Yeah, it's great. Good size. Oh, that's one of the wins for sure
Al: Slash got on a deal, like ways reformed if you can just go on a deal.
Kevin: Yeah, oh, okay. That's all I got. That's all they got
Al: All right, well, let's talk about some news. First up,
Al: Stardew Valley, the Switch 2 update came out while like, well, since the last recording I did,
Al: I can't even remember when that was. Can't remember when this came out.
Kevin: Oh, why? Wait, wait, wait. So is it Stardew Valley to do it? Do it? I don't know what's in the update. I don't even know.
Al: I just remember to come out sometime in the last...
Al: Well, that's a good question. Does it count as a switch is a starchy value to? No, it's it's just for clarification for people listening. There are no
Al: Additional content. It's just new features based on the switch too. So it has mouse mode. It has game chat of something else. I think I can't remember what it was. I mean most of it is
Kevin: Does it have the game chat where I put your face over the character?
Al: That is a good question. I don't actually know whether it does that or not
Al: I'm guessing not because I haven't I haven't seen any game to other than a first-party Nintendo game
Kevin: Probably not, but it'll be dope.
Kevin: Yeah, I know the game probably ever will. Maybe among us, maybe.
Al: I guess the question is whether they can or not like whether that is available to those games or not because it might be a private API
Al: We don't know anyway
Al: It's free just in case people are listening and are it's it's free update from the switch one update
Al: standard price if you don't already have it.
Al: And there's some significant bugs. So, if you are playing the game, yeah, it's not, no, no, no, no.
Kevin: And not the kind you want.
Al: Starchy doesn't have bugs. So there's a crafting issue where some things, if you craft
Al: it or randomly get rid of some things in your inventory. So just be careful of that if you are
Al: playing the Switch 2 version of Starchy. We also got some more info on the 1.7 update, which we'll be
Al: coming out sometime.
Kevin: What?
Al: He said that there will be a new farm type, technically I guess he didn't say that, what
Kevin: Concernedape is working on more stardew.
Al: he said was it is traditional to include a new farm type, so he's going to add a new farm
Al: type.
Al: But technically he didn't say he was, and it looks like he's focusing on character and
Al: and story-related stuff, so that's cool.
Kevin: You know what that's probably one area that it could use a little love right like I don't know maybe I am been keeping up, but
Kevin: Yes, it's I mean all the stuff we talk about doing stuff with your spouse. Wouldn't that be nice?
Al: Yeah, so we'll see what comes out of that, but that is what we know so far. Next, we have the farming simulator signature edition, which is just the switch to edition.
Kevin: All right, and you grow piranha plants finally as it should be
Al: I don't know why I don't know why they called it the signature edition. I'm just going to ignore that question.
Al: I don't know why they called it the signature edition rather than switch to edition, but
Kevin: It's side I can't even come with the witty reason I have no idea either
Al: Oh wait, no, no, no, so I think the farming simulator signature edition already existed.
Al: And now this is the switch to edition of the signature edition.
Kevin: good times. Don't you love name naming things. Good stuff.
Al: Or maybe it isn't. I can't get the, no, I think it is new.
Al: Yes, because the newest one on Switch is farming similarly to 23.
Al: Anyway, people on Reddit, people on Reddit really hate people. No, people on Reddit really hate this version, apparently.
Kevin: And Mari, can you farm his Mario?
Kevin: Okay. You know what? They're probably right. The farming sim people are there. They're a passionate
Kevin: community. I'll say that.
Al: - Yeah.
Al: [laughing]
Kevin: I won't mess with them. I'll agree with whatever the bread it says.
Al: - Net.
Al: [laughing]
Al: Next we have fantasy life.
Al: I have released a free DLC,
Al: the Sinister Broker Bizario's schemes.
Kevin: Okay.
Al: It's a roguelike mode.
Kevin: Which is interesting. That can work. And I haven't played I yet, but I know fancy life version.
Kevin: You know, pretty well, and you could do a roguelike mode there. Yeah, sure. Why not? I wonder what rewards you can get out of it, but that seems sensible, especially since works better with co-op, I'm sure.
Al: Yeah, they don't say a huge amount for or about it. Um
Al: The let me just click through to this link because I also haven't played this game yet
Kevin: Man
Al: though
Al: So it's a dream land apparently
Kevin: Is in level
Al: The you go to so it's a separate world that you go to to do the roguelite bit and
Kevin: Of course makes sense, you know, I
Al: It looks like it's car. It's it looks like it's just a combat focused version
Kevin: Yeah, that that makes sense
Al: Which presumably the combat's in the over
Kevin: It is yeah, I it is a shame because
Kevin: You know in fantasy life you have these different
Kevin: jobs or lives or whatever you want to call them. Right you can be a coper, an artist or a
Kevin: paladin or whatever and all the co-op stuff is focused on the combat because that's the logical
Kevin: choice that's what you could work but I wish you could do co-op with I don't know cooking or
Kevin: for blacksmithing or whatever but I don't know how you do that so say lovey go fight stuff
Al: Maybe I'll play this game one.
Kevin: like fantasy life. I mean I will I know
Kevin: will on day like locomot. [laughs]
Al: Next, we have cult of the lamb will haven this is their next update that is we have a release date
Al: It is coming out on the 22nd of January
Al: And it's a bunch of winter based stuff which we we knew we knew before but
Al: What I did and what we didn't know before was that winter is coming to the village as well
Al: So it's not just like because I assumed it would just be like other winter areas that you would go to with the you know
Al: like you're going down your combo.
Al: You're going to have to get stuff and bring them back. No, it looks like winter is coming here village and you'll have to adapt to surround.
Kevin: Yeah. Um, which, I mean, that's kind of wild because survival could already be hard in that thing, like,
Kevin: I, I, that seems difficult. You can throw snowballs. That's pretty cool. Like, you know what, good for
Kevin: color of the lane. Look how long it's, it's still going on this far in and we're still getting new stuff.
Kevin: That's pretty cool. Well, Haven's a good name. What a messed up little game. I love it.
Al: Yeah, and it's free.
Al: Oh, wait, no, it's not free. My bad. We'll have in part, uh, it's a paid DLC.
Kevin: Ah, well, that's fine. It's worth it. I promise you it's worth it.
Al: My bad. I missed that before.
Al: It is, uh, 15 pounds.
Al: So well, that would be presumably like,
Kevin: Yeah, it sounds about right. Well, let's see, 17 USD. There you go. That little sheet deals with
Al: So close.
Kevin: a lot of stuff. I just got to say a lot of other course watching the trailer.
Al: Yeah, I mean, they're also trying to run a cult. So like don't feel too bad for them.
Kevin: That's true. That is very true, bought it on itself.
Al: And our final piece of news, we actually have a lot more news, but I decided not to include it in this episode because we're going to have a full
Al: news only, episode catching up on everything soon, but...
Al: The last big piece of news I wanted to cover was Sun Haven have released their 3.0 update, The Great City.
Al: And this adds a whole new region, which is obviously a great city.
Al: And I mean, do I doubt it? That would be an incredible coincidence.
Kevin: - Great as war haven.
Kevin: - Yeah, bye y'all.
Al: And obviously, you know, new storyline, new romansibles.
Al: But also new craftable items, new shops, new clothes, furniture, it's...
Kevin: I'm almost really torn when I hear new romansibles because that is a cool big thing to add,
Kevin: but also like, you know, how are you going to integrate that when you're on an existing
Kevin: file, probably?
Kevin: I think you've already said, you know, or you're a good, just start a new file.
Al: go romance someone else, you know?
Kevin: Let's see.
Kevin: That's the only logical solution to any update ever.
Al: Well, I mean, that's that's why I do every stardew update, right?
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: See?
Kevin: You get it.
Kevin: Oh, no, you're, there's a new farm chai.
Al: Oh, let's see if I can succeed in not doing that next time.
Al: Ah, there isn't there, yes, of course. Look, maybe I'll be a farm type I don't want to do.
Kevin: What are you going to do?
Kevin: Not.
Kevin: Okay.
Al: Right, maybe I'll be on another beach farm.
Al: Don't like the beach farm.
Al: So that's all of our news for this episode. As I say, there will be more in the next episode.
Al: Our main topic for this episode is we are going to talk about what we're looking forward to most
Al: in farming and cottage core games, specifically in 2026. We have quite a few in the list
Al: upcoming this year and quite a lot that might be coming.
Al: Shall we just, how many, how many?
Al: did you have on your list?
Kevin: Okay, like maybe three but it's really one and fortunately I try to pick some other ones
Al: Okay.
Al: Shall I, shall, shall, shall, I will, I will start then and well, no, no, I want, I want to talk
Kevin: Or should we just get out of the way the big one?
Kevin: Okay
Al: about that at the end, right?
Kevin: Okay, okay, okay, fine. All right. I mean I can I can give you one
Al: So, so let me go for one first and then if you've got another one you can do that and then
Al: I'll bunch my other two together because they're kind of very similar and then we'll
Al: go with the big one at the end.
Al: So I'm quite looking forward to Witchbrook, which is obviously the Witch farming game.
Al: It is maybe I'm a little bit one trick in some cases but like I really like how the
Al: brooms aspect seems to work in this game, I like that and yeah, it looks really fun.
Kevin: - Yeah, no, that's fair.
Al: It looks like the most freeing--
Al: movement in a 2D farming game, which I'm excited to see how that works.
Kevin: Oh, hold on pulling it up, but you know, that's that's a good that's a good point
Kevin: Because you don't think about movement too much in these 2d farming type games even though it's probably a big deal
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, no, that's that's fair. Um, well, yeah, I don't know if that's to say others
Al: Well, we'll have to see how the, how the, the, the brim actually works because it's possible like everything we see is just like, you're just going faster. So it's possible that it's, it's more limited than I was expecting. But I'm hoping that it is more, you know, nice and flexible and like you can, you know, fly high like.
Kevin: you lay in on an upper level, right? That's the winner or that's what you want.
Al: Yeah, yeah, exactly. Exactly. I'd like, yeah, I'm up high and I want to just like fly over a drop rather than.
Al: you have to go down the stairs and stuff like that. Yeah, like, absolutely. Like, I want to be able to, to do that. I think that would be fun. And presumably you will not start out with the brim. Right. So it becomes our faster. It's like the horse in Stardew. Right. Like you'll get it later on.
Al: But I think it could be really fun. I think being able, having to like start off by walking round everywhere and then eventually you get this room that allows you to move much faster and over shorter distances.
Al: Would be, would be fun.
Kevin: Yeah, now that that is a one cool thing. I'll say that.
Kevin: Um, you know, otherwise, it looks fine, which book does it?
Al: Yeah, I get why people wouldn't necessarily be excited about it because it's like it's a
Al: Stardew-esque
Al: Farming game. Oh, I did see one where oh, yes. Yeah. Yeah. I I've finally seen something in one of the videos
Al: Where they do show someone going up on the broom and over rooftops
Kevin: Yeah, you do but the question is in your land from there. That's that's no kicker for me
Al: Look I if I can't land on a rooftop that's fine
Al: But it definitely looks like you better because there's like there's
Al: overlapping bridges and stuff like that like as long as I can get up to those bridges, that's the important thing.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, yeah, let's fair
Al: So we'll see we'll see how that is but I'm always looking for more interesting movement in 2d farming games.
Kevin: Yeah, no, that is a that is a good one to look for a good dude mechanic thing to judge to look forward to agree.
Al: Alright, what's your other one that you thought of?
Kevin: Okay. Well, uh, you know what, I'll, I'll
Kevin: play off the witch thing. And I don't even know if I'm going to play it, but I'm excited about it coming out.
Kevin: Neverway looks dang good still. You know, our cottage war scary. I genuinely spooky.
Al: [laughing]
Kevin: You know, it's, it's this spooky one. Um, yeah, I don't even know if I'll get to it, um, but it looks really good. And, um, it's so hopeful. It succeeds because I think the variety in this space is much appreciated. Um, someone putting this much care into the horror aspect of a cottage core game. I like it.
Al: Yeah.
Al: I don't disagree with you. What I would say is I don't think Stardew but Horder is that original
Al: line A idea. I think it has been been done. But it does, this does have certainly have a unique,
Kevin: - Yeah.
Kevin: - Who, who?
Al: not necessarily art style, but the color palette makes it feel unique because it's all kind of
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's, yeah. I agree with that. You're right. It's not, it's not reinventing
Al: purpley and dark.
Kevin: the wheel, per se. You're right. Other play. I mean, how would you talk about the, what
Kevin: the way I'm right? Um, like, so it's, it's maybe not hyper novel, but it looks really well
Kevin: done, if nothing else. Um, yeah, it does.
Al: Yeah, yeah, I mean having said that call the lamb does lean into the humor of it right
Al: What is this doesn't look like it's leaning into the humor? This looks like it's truly trying to be harder and
Kevin: Now, now the streets poof.
Al: The farming stuff is just like a mechanic through this horror RPG
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Horror is always a difficult one because it's like what is one person's scary is one person's ah wherever
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Kevin: I have an idea for new or farming game.
Kevin: It's one just sitting 20, 26 in America.
Al: So I have two that are not definite. One of them is Fields of Mystery, a 1.0. We didn't
Kevin: Ah, oh, what else you got on your list, though?
Al: get that last year. I'm hoping we get it this year, be fun to play more of that.
Kevin: Well, Snaggo come out, came out. We need another goal post-mover.
Al: Yeah, yeah. I mean, I feel like with what I've seen them doing, I feel like it could well
Al: be the year for Field of Mystery, a 1.0, I guess. We'll see, but I think I'm looking
Al: hopeful at least. I don't think they have a date set. I don't think they're going to
Al: an indication, but we're now sitting at, was it 18 months? Roughly since it's, it entered
Al: early access. So hopefully this year, you know, we'll see what happens.
Kevin: We've got the coins with the, you know, the clothing removal coins.
Al: Why do we have to, why do we have to talk about that?
Kevin: But they can't, you can't.
Al: them again? Yeah, clearly. But the, the other one, which is even less certain, is that
Kevin: That's works.
Kevin: Oh, what a good journey.
Kevin: They have their priorities straight, that's why.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Al: I would be very surprised if there isn't something story of seasons this year. Mainly
Al: because we haven't had a new main series game since, was it 22 was pioneers of all of
Al: Let me check I was twenty twenty one
Kevin: Yeah, it's been that long
Al: was the last time we got a new main series, uh, story of seasons game. So we're now at this will be five years this year and
Kevin: It's the 30th anniversary, right?
Al: It's the 30 it's it is it's the 30th anniversary. So that's the other thing like I feel like they've probably been like aiming for this and
Al: We do know there's stuff because they announced
Al: Things like was it two years ago. They were like. Oh, yeah, we're gonna have two new games
Al: One of which is a traditional story of seasons and one of which is a more I think they said more multiplayer focused
Kevin: I think that should game.
Al: Well, they didn't they've not really said much about it and they haven't mentioned anything since then
Kevin: They're bringing back the four girl series. Yeah!
Al: Oh, goodness. Um, so I would be surprised if neither of them came out this year if I had to guess probably the
Al: Standard one will come out this year and the multiplayer one will come out next year or the year after
Al: But I'm very intrigued just what it is. They're doing with the multiplayer one, right?
Al: Well, what is it? What does it mean? Is it an MMO or like what are they doing like the that all they told us was it's going to be more multiplayer focused
Al: That's literally all they said
Al: And then the other one they kind of and the other one they kind of showed like a very short clip of just the cow in the chicken in a field
Kevin: So there's Smash Bros.
Al: They're like, okay, that tells me nothing. I mean, it looked good, but that doesn't tell you anything
Al: So it'll be interesting to see I'm a little bit more hopeful obviously pioneers of all of time was fine
Al: But none of the like characters or stories were particularly interesting
Al: But I think they've shown with
Al: Grandpa's are last year that they can still do that and so hopefully they will
Al: Still do that. I don't think we'll get a remake this year. I'm
Al: Suspect that but I hope they don't do a remake this year and I hope they're focusing on getting out one of these new games
Kevin: story of seasons original remani yeah
Al: Look, I mean I look I would be up for a port of that. I don't think it needs to be a remake
Al: I think but I think a
Al: Story season's port to switch would be nice, but
Kevin: Yeah, now with three item slots.
Al: Because I've still not played that one cuz I need to go back
Al: Oh, you mean the original harvest moon you don't mean the original story seasons
Kevin: Oh, yeah. Oh, sorry. Yeah. No, no, I'm an original artist.
Al: Oh, yeah, no, I don't think I don't think we'll get that. I don't I don't
Kevin: I'm going to original OG.
Kevin: I actually, but no, original story of seasons from 3DS.
Al: Well, what if you
Al: Yeah, that's so that's why I was thinking that like this I think it would be fun to port the first the three 3DS story of seasons
Kevin: That would be a good port.
Al: I know like a multi-pack. I think that would be fun like you don't have to change them a huge amount
Al: You just need to figure out the two screen thing that a lot of games have already kind of figured out
Al: And I think most of the story seasons ones. They just used it for a map
Al: So there's probably not a lot they need to do. I think it would be fun to do our
Al: Multi-pack of those the first three story seasons games for 3DS put them over to switch that would be good fun
Kevin: Yeah, that would be.
Al: I would definitely play three of tones again. I really loved three of tones
Al: That's still one of my top ones for characters like the characters in that game where we're one of my favorites of any farming games
Al: Obviously, obviously not.
Al: than Stardew, I'm not trying to say that, but like,
Al: certainly it might be second or third. Um, and I, I really do want to play
Al: the first two, but I just haven't, because, you know, 3DS.
Kevin: Dory of seasons 30 year phones. We did it ma'am
Al: So yeah, so yeah, I don't know what we're getting,
Al: story of seasons this year, but we're getting,
Al: we must be getting something.
Al: And so I'm looking forward to whatever that is,
Kevin: I'm down for that. I just you know what just give me a game where I play as a cow. How about that? I'll take that I would venture
Al: whether it's the new game, the new multiplayer game.
Al: Maybe that's what the multiplayer game is.
Al: It's just everyone's a cow.
Al: All right, Kevin, take us home.
Al: What's your, what's your, what was you really looking forward to this year?
Kevin: Okay, um, you know, I'm going to I'm going to give you two for I came with two other ones one of them
Kevin: I put a question mark because I don't know if I'm actually excited or not, but maybe
Al: Why?
Al: Okay, go for it.
Kevin: Artisan story looks
Kevin: Interesting. I guess this is a question mark
Kevin: So my question mark because I like monster farming ranching. I don't know if they're gonna do it well
Kevin: Well, that's a cool little you know, Octopathisk art style, so that's kind of cool
Kevin: But that's kind of all it's got going.
Kevin: For I don't know how well it's actually going to come out, but it has my an eyebrow race. Let's say that
Kevin: The other one it's maybe low-hanging fruit, but super zoo story. I like animals. I want to
Al: Yeah, I nearly put the, I nearly put that one on my list, but I didn't, I thought
Al: for it was probably enough for me.
Kevin: Yeah, and I mean like it's it's yeah, it's low hanging fruit like I said
Kevin: It's just stardew, but to do instead, and you know, all right
Al: But that's about, but Kevin, that's a big, that's a big butt, right?
Kevin: Yeah
Al: Like a lot of, a lot of these itch stargy butt.
Al: Their butts are small.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah
Al: This is a big butt, right?
Kevin: Yeah, it is
Al: Like this is, this is, this is, you're running a zoo.
Al: That is a huge difference.
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: Yeah, it is it is right like I'm I'm yeah, I'm over simplifying here and
Kevin: You know, come to me to hyperbolicism, whatever
Kevin: But I mean like even just roots of pacho right start do but pretty starting. No, that was actually good enough to just if I play in that game
Kevin: And and and and it felt good, right
Kevin: This feels as big as roots of pacho like that's that's a good premise run a zoo instead
Al: I'd say maybe even bigger because like yes, Ritzapatra. I don't think it is just stardew, but prehistoric, right?
Kevin: Maybe yeah
Al: Like there's a lot that makes that up, but it is if you think about it fundamentally
Kevin: Yeah
Al: just kind of like a skin, right on top of it. It's
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, that is
Al: whereas this is like fundamental differences to how you play
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, I agree
Al: because you never have to think about the public in your farm. You're farming for yourself.
Al: What is a zoo you are fundamentally
Al: doing for other people's consumption, right?
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, you're right. That's a good point. Yeah, I wonder how that's gonna integrate. I just and then like
Al: Really interested. Yeah. I mean, it's possible. It's possible that there's not a huge amount of that
Kevin: Yeah
Al: because it's not a management game. So it's not going to be like, you know, rollercoaster tycoon
Al: or whatever. But there has to be something. There has to be something there. Otherwise, it's like,
Kevin: Right, right, and that's the interesting part, right?
Al: am I doing a zoo or am I just doing a weird farm with different animals, right?
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, I guess we'll see, but I mean, yeah, that's why I put on the list though, right? Like that's that's enough to
Kevin: Are they gonna balance that right cuz on the one hand you have let's make a zoo where it's as you know
Kevin: It's pure management and you can just have infinite number of animals because you just grow and grow right here
Kevin: You're not gonna obviously have that
Kevin: In fact, I'm sure relative to that kind of game. It's gonna be very limited in space and what you can do
Kevin: So what and.
Kevin: We'll scan you have how big is it going to be you know how's all that going to operate? I don't know but we'll see. I'm excited. I like animals. I like the idea of running soon taking care of animals and whatnot. So we'll see. But that that's why it's on the list. It has my attention. Okay, but now. Okay, who cares we we said those things that have an episode, but we don't really care because.
Al: All right, it's time to talk about the big one, right?
Kevin: 2026 is one thing and one thing only
Kevin: you're the PCOPIA baby. Oh.
Al: Polcopia. I think the thing is I think the thing is if this game is good
Al: It's it'll be hard to beat at the end of the year
Al: Now that is a that is a big butt a big if that is a big if right because it could be bad
Kevin: Yeah, I'm confident. I could be, yeah, it's the bar is going to be very high, assuming it's
Al: But if it's good
Al: If it's good it's going to be really hard
Al: For something else to end up
Kevin: well done, right? Like, and I, again, I have high hump confidence in octaves. I believe in the
Kevin: try and quest Bill Bush team. Um, can we take more?
Kevin: And so yeah, I expect good things and and they're just putting on the the Pokemon paint layered paint job on top and I'm exaggerating because much more than that, but like that's that's just a winning recipe. You know what I want us to do I need.
Kevin: Um, oh, I and it's so close to two months. That's gonna be your no time. Holy moly.
Kevin: Um, what a, what a way to start off the year.
Al: Yep, and it's going to come out it's going to come out literally a week after Pokemon day, right?
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Like we're going to go find out what's happening for the rest of the year with Pokemon and then
Al: boom, Pokepia's out and you're like oh, no
Al: Okay, hello, it's here
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. It's, yeah. Oh, my it's the uncomfortable truth. It very well made to the best
Kevin: Pokemon date to go. I see it. I mean, and, and you know, we don't, we don't even have to
Al: whoa I hope not but
Kevin: talk about it because what else, what else, we haven't gotten any trailers. We don't need
Kevin: anything else. It's, it's, we know what it is. Just give it to me. Just inject into my veins
Al: [laughter]
Al: I think the thing is that so so I I I liked dragon quest builders too, but I never got through the story because I just I wasn't caring as much about the story, right?
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Al: But this is Pokemon
Al: So like I will get through the story because I care about Pokemon
Al: So of course I'm gonna go get through whatever story is
Kevin: Yeah. No.
Al: That doesn't mean the story will be good necessarily. It might be good. It might be bad. We'll see
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: But I think it's totally expected that I will play this
Al: for a long time, whether it's good or bad.
Kevin: Yeah, and and I'm just excited because I I think the scale might be a lot bigger than we think
Kevin: Like all the
Al: Oh, I think absolutely, there's no way they give us the Dragonite flying without having a large map.
Kevin: Yeah, in fact, I have earned whispers on the wind. It might be the entire can't so region now
Al: That would be interesting, like an entire post-apocalyptic cantor.
Al: Now just cantor, because how do you justify not being able to get to Joto?
Kevin: Yes, I I don't know that I'm really big mountains
Al: That would be an interesting one.
Al: I really hope that if it actually is cantor, right, like if it actually is cantor,
Al: and it's clearly cantor, I hope that they explain.
Al: like the, the, the, there's a-
Al: it's actually like a thing to it. And it's not just like, oh, we did an area and we just made it look like canto, right? Like if it's just like, oh, it's canto because that's an Easter egg. I'll be really disappointed because I'm like, you could just done anything. Like why would you do this? Like I hope if they actually are doing that, that they have a story to tell about why they're doing it.
Kevin: And then the story is Gen one or spring money. That's a story.
Al: But if that were but if that no no no no no because if that were the case they would have told us by now
Kevin: Um, but I mean, injure that idea or true. I don't know. I mean,
Al: Like we don't because cause us obsessive Pokemon fans are gonna notice it, but they don't need
Al: They're gonna get the obsessive Pokefans Pokemon fans no matter what they need to the casual Pokemon fans
Al: And the casual Pokemon fans won't care unless they tell you
Kevin: That's true. That's true. Oh, free. Maybe Mount Snorlax is the same Snorlax. I was blocking
Kevin: that one route. Nobody ever to move.
Al: so this oh so this is the this is the world in which red doesn't continue on his journey and and and there for an apocalypse occurs and and that's no likes are still living there.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Team rocket one. Yeah. Yeah. There we go. See, we figured it out. Team rocket one
Al: look if that's the extent of the story if that's the extent of the story.
Kevin: and depleted all the resources and people and humanity died and so it's left.
Al: that you know what fine i'll take it like it but I i just yeah no seriously I would like I think that would be something right like I just I what I really i'm not really hope not for is for them to be like oh no it's not can't to it just looks like can't.
Kevin: Yeah. I take it. I say that jokingly, but I take it.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah
Al: that that that that just that just feels like the worst of all options like either make it can to and tell us why we are in this world or make.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah. I mean if nothing else
Al: it something different because to make it look like until you have to do that deliberately.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, and I'm curious like can we you know, let's just assume it is cancer, right? Can we fix up the whole region?
Al: Oh, my. Oh, goodness. I mean, if it's like dragon quest builders, too, then yes, it's sandbox. It's sandbox. It's sandbox's sandbox's sandbox, right?
Kevin: That's the pretty dope
Kevin: Yeah, right right like
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, so that's
Al: There are two options. They're okay. There are three options here. One is it's not canto.
Kevin: Yeah
Al: Two is two is it's canto and it's entire and it's sandbox. So you can do whatever you want. It's an entire post-apocalyptic world.
Al: Three is it's not a post-apocalyptic world. It's just Sinabar Island that's post-apocalypse and so the only
Al: sandbox is that island and everything else is still normal and you're like, you build up and eventually you go and explore and find out. No, it was just something horrible in Sinabar and the rest of the region is fine.
Kevin: Yeah. There you go. Well, I could see any of these. You're right. I'm very excited for this game.
Al: I too, I'm excited. I think when I'm talking about it, like, because obviously I'm always thinking forward to the game of the year episode, right?
Al: I think the reason why it probably has its best chance is that you know that this will be the game that all three hosts will have played.
Kevin: Yeah
Al: And so if it's good, everyone will have it on their list, right? So something has to be something has to be even better.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah by default
Kevin: Or I
Al: To even get onto two people's list.
Kevin: Mean I don't yeah, I don't I don't I don't I don't see it look
Kevin: I look down our list the list or the list you have of all the 2026 really is there there's nothing in the same fall part is as
Kevin: Bocopia, I'm sorry
Al: If a story of seasons comes out, or fields of mystery, I think those are the only two that could,
Kevin: Baby
Al: if assuming the Pocopaedas' good, this is obviously assuming that it's good, it could be bad,
Kevin: Oh my gosh.
Al: we might hate it. But assuming that a Pocopaedas' good, the only things I think that could be to
Al: are a new story of seasons, or fields of mystery.
Kevin: oh yeah I guess so but it's it's gonna be good look I saw the trailers it showed me
Kevin: the trailer says to me this is good
Al: Sure. Sure. And trailers have never lied to you before.
Kevin: I don't
Al: Yeah, I think the most interesting thing to me about gay years is not necessarily
Al: look forward to and what I think is going to be good for the year, but what comes out that we
Al: didn't know about, right? Like this time last year, the five that I said I was looking forward to
Kevin: I guess sleeper, I mean, you're, yeah.
Al: where Snacko 1.0.
Al: Fields of Mystery are 1.0, Starbirds, Hello Kitty Island Adventure and Super Seuss story.
Kevin: - Oh yeah.
Al: What you said was Tales of Psycue, Hello Kitty, Super Seuss story and Gaucho and the Grasslands.
Kevin: Yeah, okay, that wasn't a bad to list
Al: This time last year, we didn't know about the story of seasons that ended up being one of my favorite games of the year.
Al: You didn't know about Wunderstop.
Kevin: - No.
Al: Which ended up being your favorite game of the year?
Al: Like there's all that that's what I find most exciting is there are games that will come out this year that we don't know about yet.
Kevin: Yeah, that's true. I forgot tail looks like you're just dead
Al: I forget did it come out this year or not I was always a bit like interesting that you chose it at the
Al: time right yeah sure fun is as yeah it's an early access it's not it's not in one point or
Kevin: You change in animals. That's pretty cool
Kevin: Okay, okay, I don't feel bad then, but it's still
Al: yet um it's uh yeah yes it's a fun concept but a concept does not a good game
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: Yeah, well, true. Oh, that's true. Oh, so I mean you got a point like honestly, it's it was slim pickens this year
Kevin: in my opinion for looking at the
Kevin: The list saying they're coming out in 2026. I'm so
Al: But I kind of always feel like that, right?
Al: There's always a couple that I'm excited about,
Al: and then it's like, "Oh, I gotta make up my list."
Al: And then I end up struggling to narrow it down to three
Al: for the game of the year episode.
Al: So, you know, we'll just, we'll see.
Al: We'll see how the year goes.
Al: I'm excited.
Al: What will we be feeling like in a year?
Al: I don't know.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Thank you all for having me on. I just want to play pathopia.
Al: Kevin, thank you for joining me for this episode.
Al: Is there anything you would like to share?
Kevin: Oh, no, I've got nothing. You know me. I'm at Cooper as on whatever you got. Man, I think
Kevin: Twitter is somehow it's gotten worse and it's breaking me. I might be a breaking point.
Kevin: it's the the AI stuff is bad it is well because they're one
Al: why why why did you keep going on
Kevin: there are people I talk to and then there's still one or two that I talk to but it's oh it's it's
Kevin: rough out there that is I'm trying to reintegrate into blue sky but I'm at Cooper Perez on
Kevin: blue sky I'm definitely never posting any image don't go look for art there because you'll never find
Kevin: my heart on there again oh goodness um but yeah my poop threads were ever what about you how what people
Al: You can find the podcasts on Tumblr and on blues guy at THS pod you can send us feedback
Al: from our website harvestseason.club tell us what you are most looking forward to this
Al: year especially if it's not bookopia because you know diversity of opinion and all that.
Kevin: Um, maybe not this time, though.
Al: Kevin doesn't want to know. Kevin doesn't want to know if you want
Kevin: I just saw a book, huh?
Kevin: I just look at the poop you think. What else? What else matters?
Al: You can also on the website, you can find links to everything to do with the podcast,
Al: including our Patreon, Patreon.com/thspod, where you can get access to the slack.
Al: And what we're talking about in the slack recently.
Al: Oh, we were talking about the new year.
Kevin: Yeah, the new year, go.
Kevin: Other opinions on the game of the year episode.
Al: And people can complain about what the game of the year was, including Kevin.
Kevin: There's, there's.
Al: You also get access to our bonus episodes of the podcast, including one that we are just about to record,
Al: about what else we're looking forward to in 2026 gaming ways.
Al: I suspect there'll be no over.
Kevin: [laughing]
Al: - Yeah, I think that's everything.
Al: Thank you, Kevin, again for joining me.
Kevin: Thank you, I'll grab me on.
Al: - Thank you, listeners, for listening,
Al: and until next time, have a good harvest.
Kevin: Have a good harvest, everyone.
Theme Tune: The Harvest season is created by Alma Henry, with support from our patrons, including our
Theme Tune: pro farmers, Kevin Stewart and Alisa.
Theme Tune: Our art is done by Micah the Brave, and our music is done by Nick Virtus.
Theme Tune: Feel free to visit our website, harvestseason.club for show notes, and links to things we discussed
Theme Tune: in this episode.
Kevin: Okay, you know what you know what when I'm gonna eat my words when the new sock in a game is announced to get dubbed and then and and then it's over for me
Al: [laughing]
Kevin: That's there we go
Al: That, that, yeah, you're right, that's, that, that's the funniest thing that could happen this year.
Al: You're like, "Nope, I don't care about anything other than Pocopia."
Al: Oh, wait, Sakana.
Kevin: Yeah
Al: Oh, wait, no, is it funnier if they announce a new Sakana game that you can play, but it's a getcha game?
Kevin: Yeah, uh, uh, I'll also be on board where that's that is not necessarily in that
Al: Fair enough.